Add note on Collection Testing with ansible-test (#3654)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_collections_testing.rst

You can specify multiple target names. Each target name is the name of a directory in ``tests/integration/targets/``.

> .. NOTE:: Collection Testing with ``ansible-test``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Collection testing with ``ansible-test``
```

>    Since ``ansible`` 2.9 ``ansible-test`` has been the de facto collection testing tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``ansible-test`` has been the de facto collection testing tool since ``ansible`` 2.9.
```

Reviewer: I would invert these clauses so that it is clear that "since" means "from a point in time" and not "because".

>    Since ``ansible-core`` 2.10 ``ansible-test`` has been the defacto collection testing tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Since ``ansible-core`` 2.10 ``ansible-test`` has been the de facto collection testing tool.
```

>    However, ``ansible-test`` is no longer receiving feature enhancements to accommodate new collection testing requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   However, ``ansible-test`` is no longer receiving feature enhancements for new collection testing requirements.
```

Reviewer: "for" instead of "to accommodate" might be less wordy and more friendly to non-native speakers

>    However, ``ansible-test`` is longer receiving feature enhancements to accommodate new collection testing requirements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   However, ``ansible-test`` is no longer receiving feature enhancements to accommodate new collection testing requirements.
```

>    We ask collection maintainers and community members to join the discussion to improve collection testing tools on the Ansible Forum via the `collection-test-strat <https://forum.ansible.com/tag/collection-test-strat>`_ tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   We ask collection maintainers and community members to join the discussion to improve collection testing tools on the Ansible Forum.
   Find related discussion topics via the `collection-test-strat <https://forum.ansible.com/tag/collection-test-strat>`_ tag.
```

Reviewer: Hey again. Apologies for more nits but reading this again I think it might be good to be more specific about the call to action. Maybe some people won't know how tags work in the forum.

Maybe we could also expand this to "find related topics and start new discussion threads via" but maybe that's too wordy.

Reviewer: Sorry! Meant to comment without approving.
